for women in our community there's a
wonderful resource available that's
making a difference in their health the
Lord's breast care center we remain the
area's first facility dedicated to
specialized breast care for women and
we're the area's only specialty center
to offer a fully integrated
comprehensive cancer care program for
over 14 years we've provided an
unparalleled array of imaging and
clinical resources designed to catch and
treat breast cancer at its earliest
stages when its most curable today we
are nationally recognized for our work
in the early detection of breast cancers
our resources are many we were the first
in our community to offer the benefits
of digital mammography this technology
allows us to see more faster and safer
than ever our r2 checker allows us to
review mammograms a second time with a
set of digital eyes and with mamuh site
radiation therapy we provide another
option for fighting early stage breast
cancer because discovering cancer early
is vital we offer a 24-hour pledge
should you discover any abnormality
we'll see you within 24 hours our
24-hour patient hotline answers your
questions about breast health and we've
improved access to the Lord's breast
care center by extending hours for
mammogram appointments both evening and
saturday appointments are now available
screening mammograms are also available
at our Breast Care West location on the
vestal parkway and screening services
are offered aboard our mission and
motion mammography van which travels to
communities throughout the region
breast cancer will strike one in eight
women during their lifetime which is why
the Lord's Breast Care Center remains
important to your health more
information is available at the Lord's
website for women's health issues
experience Lords